Smartphones are contributing to foolishness.
Animals should not be used for medical research.
All children should be required to do chores.
Torture is never justified.
Cloning animals may eventually lead to cloning humans.
Torture may be considered under certain circumstances.
The death penalty should be abolished.
Clowns are frightening.
All children should be required to do chores.
High school students should wear uniforms.
Patriotism is a positive thing.
College is excessively expensive.
Online education is inferior to in-person learning.
Homework should be prohibited in schools.
Lawyers should receive higher salaries than nurses.
Children should earn their allowance through work.
Females are superior students to males.
The government should fund post-secondary education.
Cigarettes should be prohibited in public places.
Children should provide support for their aging parents.
Climate change is an established fact.
Children should have the right to vote.
College should be tuition-free.
Churches should be subject to full taxation.
Smoking should be allowed in public places.
Mandatory military service should be implemented in all countries.
Internet access should be considered a basic human right.
Artificial intelligence should have legal rights and personhood.
Public transportation should be made free for all citizens.
The use of animals in circuses should be banned worldwide.
Social media companies should be held responsible for regulating hate speech.
Celebrities have a moral obligation to use their platform for social activism.
Genetic modification of embryos should be allowed to prevent hereditary diseases.
Public schools should teach mindfulness and meditation as part of the curriculum.
All countries should prioritize renewable energy sources and phase out fossil fuels.
Voting should be mandatory for all eligible citizens.
Parental licenses should be required before having children.
Pharmaceutical companies should not be allowed to advertise prescription drugs.
Public figures should be required to disclose their financial assets and tax returns.
Space exploration should be prioritized over deep-sea exploration.
The legal drinking age should be determined individually based on maturity and responsibility.
All public restrooms should be gender-neutral.
The use of corporal punishment in schools should be banned worldwide.
All cars should be required to be electric or use alternative fuel sources by a certain year.
Animals should have legal rights and protections equivalent to humans.
Social Media platforms have a negative impact on society.
Zoos should be abolished.
School uniforms should not be mandatory.
Genetic engineering of humans should be permitted.
Capital punishment is an effective deterrent for crime.
Video games contribute to violence in society.
Animal testing is necessary for scientific advancement.
Privacy should be prioritized over national security.
The legal drinking age should be lowered/raised.
Affirmative action policies are necessary for achieving equality.
Vaccinations should be mandatory for all children.
Nuclear power should be phased out in favor of renewable energy sources.
Universal basic income is a viable solution to poverty.
The use of animals for entertainment purposes should be banned.
The use of performance-enhancing drugs in sports should be allowed.
Fast food should be heavily taxed to discourage unhealthy eating habits.
Euthanasia should be legalized.
Artificial intelligence poses a threat to humanity.
Police officers should be required to wear body cameras.
The legal age for voting should be lowered/raised.
The legal driving age should be 21 worldwide.
Summer is preferable to winter.
Parents should not pierce their baby's ears.
Too many people in my country attend college.
Rock and Roll is the superior genre of music.
The Theory of Evolution is valid.
Illegal immigrants should be promptly removed from my country.
Software piracy is not truly a crime.
Countries should legalize recreational marijuana.
Cigarettes should be prohibited in public places.
Being tall is preferable to being short.
Studying grammar is more important than practicing conversation skills.
The USA is no longer the dominant world power.
People should be allowed to own guns.
The Earth is not flat.
Terminally ill patients should have the right to end their lives.
Implementing the death penalty is necessary to reduce crime.
Pizza is better than pasta.
The government should ban chewing gum.
Living forever would be dreadful.
Censorship in any form is unjust.
Countries should have curfews after midnight.
The government should fund post-secondary education.
Student loans exploit young people.
Smartphones have simplified our lives.
Television is a major contributor to violence in today's society.
The Olympics bring more harm than good to a city.
Teachers should not be allowed to carry guns.
Political organizations should not accept money from corporations.
Breakfast is a crucial meal of the day.
Reality TV is detrimental to society.
College is excessively expensive.
Military service should be mandatory.
Alcohol should be prohibited.
Climate change is not a hoax.
Swimming in the ocean is superior to swimming in a public pool.
Being a man is not easier than being a woman.
All 10-year-olds should not have a mobile phone.
Teachers should not disclose their voting preferences to students.
Overeating is worse than under-eating.
Junk food should be banned for children.
Competitive sports should not be played in schools.
Cars should be banned from city centers.
The voting age should be lowered to 12.
All police officers should be armed.
International adoption should be prohibited.
Living in the countryside is preferable.
Scientists should bear ethical responsibility for the consequences of their research.
First-past-the-post electoral systems should be reformed.
The world would benefit from having more women in positions of power.
Teen defendants should be judged by juries of their peers.
Books should reflect reality rather than being fantastical.
Prizes for the arts should be eliminated.
Schools should have the responsibility of teaching children moral education.
Peaceful protest can achieve meaningful outcomes.
The NHS should not be privatized.
Children and teenagers should be included in government.
Giving is more rewarding than receiving.
Extremist political parties should face prohibition.
New immigrants should be required to take an "oath of integration."
We should prioritize donating to charities that support humans over those that support animals.
Voting should be made mandatory.
Art and music should be included in school curricula.
Children should be permitted to have mobile phones in school.
Seventy years later, the United Nations is a source of disappointment.
The minimum wage should be substituted with the living wage.
Children should not begin school until they reach the age of seven.
Britain should maintain its nuclear deterrent.
The electorate should not be concerned about a politician's youth.
Affluent nations should accept a greater number of refugees.
It is beneficial for all children to attend summer school.
Being a teacher is preferable to being a pupil.
Children should receive pocket money only if they complete their chores.
We are open to the idea of having robots in our homes.
The NHS should allocate funds for alternative medical treatments.
Plastic carrier bags should be banned.
Sports stars serve as poor role models for young people.
SATs should be abolished.
Nobody should be obligated to wear school uniform.
Violent video games should be prohibited.
My child shouldn't play Grand Theft Auto.
Party leaders should be obligated to participate in pre-election debates.
Individuals should be prohibited from having bonfires in their gardens.
Childhood vaccinations should be mandatory.
We should permit the creation of babies with three parents.
Alcohol has a more detrimental impact on society than illegal drugs.
We should all adopt a vegetarian diet.
We should exclusively consume food produced in Britain.
Children can have a significant impact on the environment.
All secondary schools should be co-educational.
We endorse a manned mission to Mars.
Community service is a more fitting punishment than imprisonment for non-violent crimes.
Unhealthy food should not be featured in children's television programmes.
Parents should be fined when their children fail to complete their homework.
Pubs should be permitted to extend their opening hours to show World Cup matches.
The wealthy should be subject to higher tax rates.
The use of television cameras in courtrooms should be supported.
Space exploration is a waste of financial resources.
Science holds the solution to our problems.
Parents should be allowed to use technology to select traits of their babies.
Animal testing is scientifically redundant.
We should increase our reliance on nuclear energy.
Disney films present negative role models for children.
Smoking should be banned in cars when children are present.
Sugar is more detrimental than fat.
Art and music should not be taught in schools except as optional extracurricular activities.
The Internet has had a more negative than positive impact on the arts.
The state should not subsidize the arts.
The privacy of public figures should be respected.
Fireworks should be prohibited.
Quotas for women in top business positions should be implemented.
We should invest more in green energy.
All children should receive free school meals.
No footballer deserves a salary of £85 million.
All children should be provided with iPads for school use.
All cities should have mayors.
The school summer holiday should be halved in duration.
Online gambling should be outlawed.
We should increase our investment in space exploration.
There's no need to read the book if you can simply watch the film.
Money is corrupting sports.
Prisons should be exclusively for violent criminals.
Parents should be held accountable for crimes committed by their children.
Children should not be exempt from doing chores.
Bullies should be expelled from schools.
The House of Lords should be fully elected.
Abortion should be prohibited.
Judges should be elected through the electoral process.
Students should have a say in the selection of their head teacher.
Modern art can be considered as a form of art.
The process of getting divorced should be made more rigorous.
Gambling should be outlawed.
Should the press be subject to government regulation or self-regulation?
Smoking should be banned.
Parents should receive financial compensation for staying at home with their children.
Detentions are ineffective as a form of punishment.
GCSEs should be eliminated.
There is no existence after death.
Despite the availability of films, theater still holds its value.
The government should not provide funding to museums and art galleries.
Discipline is the most significant challenge confronting schools today.
Cannabis should be legalized.
People should have the right to own handguns, similar to the regulations in America.
Schools should have the autonomy to design their own curricula.
Women should be allowed to serve on the front line in wars.
Murderers should never be granted release from prison.
Girls and boys should participate together on the same sports teams.
The actions of one individual can have a substantial impact.
Prioritizing charitable contributions at home before abroad is essential.
Criminal trials should be televised.
Performance-enhancing drugs should be permitted in sports.
Teaching creationism should be prohibited in schools.
Research on cloning should be terminated.
Studying the past is the best way to prepare for the future.
Striving to be more like America is desirable.
The significance of job satisfaction outweighs the amount of money earned.
Learning a foreign language until the age of 16 should be mandatory.
Countries should only engage in war for self-defense purposes.
Teacher salaries should be based on their performance outcomes.
Globalization has widened the gap between the rich and the poor.
Keeping animals as pets is ethically wrong.
Teachers should not be allowed to physically punish students.
Zoos should be closed down.
Coursework is a superior assessment method compared to exams.
Children should be prohibited from consuming junk food.
Assisted suicide should be legalized.
Recycling should be compulsory.
Taxes should be increased to improve public services.
Parents should have the ability to choose the sex of their children.
The pursuit of immortality should be our goal.
The existence of God is real.
Atheism is a valid perspective.
The use of atomic bombs against Hiroshima and Nagasaki was morally justified.
Zero tolerance policing is an effective strategy for combating crime.
Sperm and egg donors should retain their anonymity.
The concept of participatory democracy should be supported.
Terrorism cannot be justified.
There can be instances of a Just War.
Important decisions regarding children's health should be entrusted to medical professionals.
Sacrificing one life to save many is a moral dilemma.
We should consider having fewer children.
Anarchism can be viewed as a valuable political ideology.
The colonization of the moon is a worthy endeavor.
Funding for attempts to contact extraterrestrial life should be continued.
Intellectual property rights should be abolished.
Affirmative action should be supported.
The self-determination of peoples is a fundamental human right.
Hate crime enhancements are unjust.
Fines should be proportionate to income.
The US is justified in using force to prevent states from acquiring nuclear weapons.
The double jeopardy rule should be eliminated.
Is eating a means of survival or is survival a means of eating?
Monarchy should be abolished globally.
Free speech is an individual right.
Freedom of speech is necessary for the progress of a nation.
There should be an increased number of jury members.
Refugees should not be granted any form of nationality.
Is it ethical to carry an automatic weapon?
Is patriotism a positive or negative concept?
Is the US Constitution a living document?
Political campaigns should be financed by borrowed money from corporations.
Police should use deadly force.
Individuals should have the right to own guns.
Genetic engineering is an unnatural process and should remain illegal.
There should be equal representation of male and female employees in the workplace.
Feminism is causing more harm than good.
Marijuana has its advantages.
The media should have the freedom to express opinions and criticism.
Public prayer should not be permitted in schools.
Smoking should be banned worldwide.
Can we trust banks?
Governments should provide free birth control.
Financial issues can destabilize a nation.
Taxation is detrimental.
Taxation is beneficial.
Humans have an impact on animals.
Animals have an impact on humans.
Mobile banking is not a secure procedure.
Nuclear powers are a major contributor to conflicts.
Same-sex marriage should not be prohibited.
Gay relationships are a natural occurrence.
Students are becoming excessively reliant on technology.
Humans are becoming excessively dependent on technology.
Money is a significant motivator in the workplace.
Girls should be encouraged and supported to pursue careers in STEM research.
Money plays a crucial role in achieving exoneration from crimes.
Alternative energy resources should be explored and utilized to preserve natural resources.
Censorship should be less lenient for educational documentaries.
The sale of fur should be outlawed.
Paintball is a legitimate sport.
Sports hold greater importance than the arts.
Banning late-night alcohol sales is important.
Unpaid internships should be prohibited.
Beauty contests should be eliminated.
Traditional teaching methods should be replaced with AI-powered education.
The curriculum should be tailored to the individual needs of children.
Physical activities and practical life skills should be compulsory in schools.
Sports should be actively encouraged at the school level.
Children should be granted the right to vote.
School hours should be reevaluated and revised.
School lunches should be carefully planned by a dedicated dietician.
Parents should provide a weekly allowance to their children.
Parents should be held accountable for their children's mistakes.
Dance can be considered a legitimate sport.
Schools should implement internet filters to block sites like YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram on their computers.
Students should be encouraged to cultivate a habit of reading books.
We cannot entirely replace teachers with computers.
The Olympics hold significant importance.
Are zoos beneficial for animals?
Children need privacy in their lives.
Children should learn to save their pocket money.
The minimum wage should be standardized across all countries.
Parents should refrain from disciplining children in front of others.
Censorship is a necessary measure for the media.
Passion or patriotism can be detrimental in certain situations.
Social media is contributing to increased rates of depression among the youth.
Substance abuse should be regarded as a mental health issue.
Peer pressure and bullying are distinct phenomena.
Humans are encroaching on the natural habitats of animals.
Extreme religious beliefs can be dangerous.
Technology can be used to conserve nature.
Student loans are exploitative.
Mobile banking security is a concern.
Homework does not necessarily promote effective learning.
The abortion debate centers on the question of personhood.
Students should have the freedom to design their own curriculum.
College and university education holds value and relevance.
All students should learn at least one foreign language.
The cost of education is rising without a corresponding improvement in quality.
Free education should be provided to children and teenagers in underprivileged neighborhoods.
Video games and animated movies can perpetuate violence and sexism.
Google is evolving into an online watchdog.
Romantic relationships in the workplace should be discouraged.
Parents should monitor their children's computer and phone usage.
Racial profiling is a contemporary form of discrimination.
What is more essential for survival: values or wealth?
There are more than two genders.
Homosexual relationships are natural and should be accepted.
Drug addicts require assistance rather than punishment.
Animal welfare initiatives are acceptable.
Technology can enhance human intelligence.
Parental support is crucial for the future success of children.
All cars have the potential to transition to electric power.
Robots have the ability to improve people's quality of life.
Public electoral college should be free of tuition fees.
All teachers should have the opportunity for tenure.
All school districts should offer school vouchers.
The sale of human organs should be legalized.
Birth control should be available over the counter.
Net neutrality should be reinstated.
The drinking age should be set at 18.
Vaping should be prohibited.
Euthanasia should be banned.
Euthanasia should be permitted.
Detention should be abolished.
How should parents handle a poor report card?
The importance of our privacy outweighs national security.
Should schools offer educational incentives?
Cyberbullying should be considered a criminal offense.
Alongside academics, students should be assigned chores as well.
School debates should be mandatory for all students.
The United States should adopt a monarch system.
There should be no school uniforms or dress code.
Energy drinks should be prohibited for students.
Students should not be allowed to use gadgets in school.
Children should not have access to violent video games.
Zoos should be prohibited.
Every student should be encouraged to adopt a family pet.
Students should not be permitted to use Facebook.
Nuclear weapons should be globally banned.
Celebrities often enjoy greater impunity for their crimes compared to non-celebrities.
Cloning animals raises ethical concerns.
Religion has a negative impact rather than a positive one.
Online learning is superior to traditional learning.
Global warming is an urgent and real issue.
Outdoor learning has numerous benefits.
Torture can never be justified, regardless of the circumstances.
Peer pressure can have detrimental effects on innocent individuals.
Violent games should be banned for teenagers.
The modern college education system is an improvement over the traditional one.
Beauty pageants serve as a means to objectify women.
Fast-food chains significantly contribute to the rising obesity rate.
Our society exhibits dystopian characteristics.
Human extinction is a possibility in the future.
Humans will be responsible for their own eventual extinction.
Animals should possess the same rights as humans.
The Paris Agreement remains relevant.
College education can enhance job prospects.
Religion should be excluded from school discussions.
History is a crucial subject area.
Arts and science each have their own merits; neither is inherently superior.
Regular participation in sports is important.
Boarding schools can negatively impact students' mental health.
Alcohol should not be sold on weekends.
Pharmacists should not have the authority to prescribe medicines.
Animal testing should be outlawed.
Public speaking boosts confidence.
Children should refrain from excessive video game play.
Parental lack of control contributes to the increasing obesity rate in children.
Children should not be allowed unrestricted access to gadgets.
Advertisements should not be featured on kids' channels.
Fines should be proportionate to one's income.
Men are not inherently stronger than women.
Obese individuals should not be subject to additional healthcare costs.
Healthcare should be accessible to everyone, without cost barriers.
Wealthy individuals should pay higher taxes.
Gender-based pay gaps should be eliminated; women should receive equal pay.
Wars are never justifiable.
Marriage is no longer an essential institution.
Celebrities should not receive exorbitant salaries.
Women are not inherently more complicated than men.
Is food meant to sustain life or is life meant to revolve around food?
Children should not be allowed to watch cartoons that depict violence.
Winter is preferable to summer.
It is unlikely that anyone would desire to live forever.
Honesty should be upheld at all times.
Individuals who engage in violent video games are more likely to exhibit violent behavior themselves.
Legalizing human cloning is a necessary step.
All drugs should be decriminalized/legalized.
Juveniles should be subject to the same legal treatment as adults.
Climate change poses the greatest threat to humanity today.
Violent video games should be prohibited.
The minimum wage should be set at $15 per hour.
Universal Basic Income should be provided to all individuals.
Sex work should be legalized.
Countries should adopt isolationist policies.
Mandatory national public service should be required of every citizen.
Abortion should be prohibited.
The sale of bottled water should be banned.
Plastic bags should be banned.
Public prayer should not be permitted in schools.
Standardized testing should be eliminated.
All students should have the opportunity for an after-school job or internship.
Year-round schooling should be implemented.
Drug testing should be mandatory for all high school athletes.
All student loan debt should be forgiven/eliminated.
Homeschooling is a superior choice compared to traditional schooling.
Schools should have armed security guards.
Religion should be included in school curricula.
All schools should be private schools.
All students should attend boarding schools.
Sexual education should be mandatory in schools.
Public colleges should offer free tuition.
Healthcare should be universally accessible.
Health insurance should cover cosmetic procedures.
Everyone should adopt a vegetarian lifestyle.
Vaccinations should be legally mandated.
Obesity should be classified as a disease.
Sexual orientation is determined from birth.
Social media has enhanced human communication.
The development of artificial intelligence will benefit humanity.
Individuals should have ownership rights over their own DNA.
Humans should invest in technology to explore and colonize other planets.
Governments should invest in alternative energy sources.
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies should be prohibited.
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies should be encouraged.
Alternative energy sources can effectively replace fossil fuels.
The radiation emitted by cell phones is dangerous and should be limited.
Colleges should not be required to adopt a multicultural curriculum.
Is politically correct speech a violation of free speech rights?
The current method of electing presidents should be improved.
Organic farming represents the future of agriculture.
Genetic editing in humans is morally objectionable.
The legal age for marriage for women should be raised to 21 years.
The slaughter of cattle should be banned.
The national language should be the one spoken by the majority of the population.
There is an increasing level of intolerance in India.
Women exhibit stronger managerial skills compared to men.
News channels often violate rules to deliver breaking news.
Driverless cars should be permitted.
Both men and women can silently suffer in the modern world.
Capital punishment should be abolished.
Attempted suicide should be decriminalized.
Betting should be illegalized.
Eastern and Western parenting styles have different strengths.
The perception of electric cars is overrated.
There are debates about the privatization of social security.
Artificial intelligence poses a potential threat to humanity.
Going green alone may not be sufficient to address global warming effectively.
The use of trimetazidine in sports should be permitted.
Online education can be a valuable component of the learning experience.
The justification of animal testing remains a subject of discussion.
Employers may monitor employees' social media accounts.
Lack of trust can lead to jealousy in relationships.
Generalizations about all women being irrational and relying on intuition instead of logic are unfounded.
Generalizations about all men being irrational and relying on intuition instead of logic are unfounded.
Parental leave for men should be more widely available.
Hypnosis can be utilized in the treatment of some mental illnesses.
Gender-neutral parenting can challenge traditional gender stereotypes.
Psychological therapy may have a placebo effect, but it can still be helpful.
The inherent nature of violence in humans is a subject of debate.
Divorce can potentially have negative effects on children.
Information overload can contribute to psychological disorders.
Advances in medication may eventually provide treatments for all mental diseases.
The interplay between nature and nurture determines our cognitive functions and behavior.
Excessive technology use can impact a child's development.
Children should be treated with appropriate guidance and support, not solely as adults.
Adults should be treated with respect and dignity, not solely as children.
Rehabilitation programs can help prisoners reintegrate into society.
Embracing our uniqueness can contribute to finding effective treatments for psychological disorders.
A complicated life story does not justify having a bad character.
Not all illnesses are solely psychosomatic.
Human diversity defies simple classification.
The relationship between intelligence and social behavior is a complex topic.
Character development can reach points of no return, but it is not a fixed rule.
The difference between sexes is influenced by both cultural and physiological factors.
Future technologies may have the potential to read a person's mind, albeit theoretically.
Imagination and reality hold different values in our brains.
Psychological competence is valuable in nursing.
Selfishness is generally considered a negative trait.
Social media interaction cannot fully replace face-to-face communication.
Specific character traits can influence a person's financial situation, but it is not absolute.
The happiness of citizens in big cities varies.
Depression can be influenced by various factors, including civilization.
Boredom can serve as a developmental stimulus for children in certain contexts.
Parents can play a role in instilling motivation and ambition in their children.
Philosophical thinking can offer insights and coping mechanisms in stressful situations.
A person's nature is shaped by both genetics and societal influences.
Success is influenced by motivation and the ability to manage stress.
The justification of murder is a complex ethical and legal issue.
Capital punishment should be reserved for cases involving serial killers and international terrorists.
Juniors should be held accountable to an appropriate extent for serious offenses, similar to adults.
Three strikes laws can be effective in reducing the number of serious offenses.
Raising the driving age to 18 is a proposal that has been debated.
The potential impact of guaranteed minimum income on the economy is a subject of discussion.
Implementing the death penalty for corruption can be seen as effective but inhumane.
The surrogacy market should be subject to regulation and legalization.
The righteousness of executing a criminal who has killed another person is a matter of ethical debate.
There are debates about whether governments should be granted access to encrypted means of communication.
Fur farms are considered inhumane by many and should be banned.
The topic of whether police should have the right to shoot to kill is a subject of controversy.
The abolition of the death penalty is seen as necessary in an advanced society by some.
The use of drones raises concerns about potential violations of landowners' privacy rights.
The regulation of cryptocurrencies on a global scale is a complex challenge.
The harmfulness of gambling to society and the question of whether it should be banned are topics of debate.
Leg-hold traps for wild animals should be outlawed due to concerns about animal welfare.
Addressing climate change requires international regulation of air pollution.
Third countries may require legal support from developed countries.
The punishment for child neglect and abuse is often seen as insufficient to deter future incidents.
Rights provide freedom and are essential in a just society.
International intelligence gathering can protect one country's rights but potentially infringe on the rights of another.
Achieving equal rights for all is an idealistic goal that may be challenging to fully realize.
The speed of technological advancement often outpaces legislation.
International prohibition of mass destruction weapons can contribute to controlling wars.
Establishing a legal basis for morality standards is a complex task.
The abuse of rights becomes more likely in the absence of appropriate punishment.
The freedom of one person should be balanced with the freedom of others.
Not all crimes can be justified; the concept of justifiability varies based on circumstances and perspectives.
Criminals may hold different values that require correction through rehabilitation.
Leaving a crime without punishment can be perceived as condoning or enabling it.
Punishment should aim for rehabilitation rather than seeking vengeance.
Equal rights should be accompanied by equal observance of the law.
Rights grant individuals the freedom to do anything not expressly forbidden.
The enforcement of the law relies on more than just power.
The enforcement of the law should not rely solely on power.
Plant-based medication utilizes nature's solutions to address health problems.
Balancing religious beliefs and medical treatment is a complex ethical issue.
Prohibiting physician-assisted suicide is a matter of ongoing debate.
Some argue for the banning of prescription drug ads.
High-fat products should carry official health warnings as a measure to promote public health.
A mono diet can have negative implications for one's health.
The obsession with slenderness can contribute to the development of eating disorders.
The food we consume plays a role in shaping our overall well-being.
The topic of genetically engineered humans raises ethical concerns about the future.
Testing medications on animals and later on humans raises ethical questions.
The requirement for being healthy does not necessarily depend on having a significant amount of money.
A lack of social interaction can have negative effects on an individual's health.
Vaping is often considered a less harmful alternative to smoking.
Body positivity promotes self-acceptance but does not encourage unhealthy lifestyles.
Organ trafficking exists due to the prohibition of legal trade.
Incorporating a course on the culture of alcohol consumption for students can help prevent addiction.
Society should work towards making smoking socially unacceptable.
Promoting organ donation after death should be encouraged as a common practice.
Excessive reading and the use of gadgets can have negative effects on eyesight.
There are concerns that wireless networks may pose health risks.
The ethical implications of providing organ transplantation to individuals with unhealthy lifestyles are subject to debate.
The question of whether a medical worker should provide medical treatment to a child against the wishes of the parents raises ethical considerations.
Womb transplantation is being explored as a potential alternative to surrogate maternity in the future.
Uninsured individuals may face challenges in receiving adequate medical treatment when needed.
Despite doubts, people trust homeopathy, and its popularity persists.
Medical errors should not be treated as criminal offenses.
Medical education requires significant time and effort, and students who are not committed to becoming doctors may consider changing their specialization.
Medical education should be made free, but a psychological fitness and suitability test could be implemented during the admission process.
Parents should consider limiting the amount of sugar their children consume for the sake of their health.
Suicide prevention aims to alleviate the suffering of individuals in distress, rather than increasing their suffering.
Consuming any product in moderation can contribute to a healthy lifestyle.
A healthy lifestyle does not guarantee longevity, as various factors can influence life expectancy.
Some argue that psychological disorders are overdiagnosed, leading to concerns about misdiagnosis and overtreatment.
The disclosure of HIV status should be a personal decision, balancing privacy and public health considerations.
Living in closer connection with nature is believed by some to promote better health.
Obesity can have genetic factors, and it is important not to solely blame obese individuals for a lack of self-discipline.
Mandatory participation in sports clubs is a topic that generates diverse opinions.
The effectiveness of exams as an assessment format is a matter of ongoing debate.
Some argue that combining work and studies can help students start their careers earlier.
There are discussions about whether classes should start in the afternoon to better align with students' natural rhythms.
Allowing students to provide feedback and grade their tutors is a subject of discussion.
Homework is a practice that has been inherited from the past and raises debates about its effectiveness.
ABC tests may not fully capture a student's depth of knowledge and understanding.
Some believe that school holidays are too long and lack meaningful educational content.
Companies could be incentivized to support the education of high-achieving students and offer them employment opportunities.
Primary school serves the purpose of both teaching and socializing.
Some argue that the contemporary university curriculum is disconnected from real-life applications.
Promoting education for adults should be a priority to foster lifelong learning.
Aptitude tests can assist students in choosing their specialization long before college.
Parents should support their children with their homework to facilitate their learning process.
Computer games have the potential to be utilized for educational purposes.
Higher education can contribute to personal growth and development.
Introducing debate topics in primary schools can help develop children's public speaking skills.
The idealization of prominent historical figures in schools is a topic of scrutiny.
Homeschooling can be beneficial if parents have pedagogical education to oversee the educational process.
Uniforms in schools can limit students' self-expression.
History classes should strike a balance between theory and practical application.
There is a need for a revolution in teaching methods to adapt to changing educational needs.
Students should consider prioritizing subjects rather than striving for A's in all subjects.
The psychological climate in the classroom significantly impacts students' academic achievements.
Allowing families to adopt children from overseas can provide loving homes to children in need.
Some argue against the legalization of no-fault divorces.
The happiness of low-income families versus single high-income earners is a complex topic with differing perspectives.
Parents should respect the personal lives of their adult children and avoid unnecessary interference.
Family conflicts can contribute to certain health problems in children.
The boundaries of society are often defined by political borders.
Democracy was chosen not only for its benefits but also for its stark contrast to tyranny.
Government leaders should strive for impeccable conduct to achieve political success.
The demanding nature of their roles often leaves government leaders with insufficient time to manage their private businesses.
Some argue that globalization is key to effectively combating climate change.
There is a belief that all countries will eventually adopt democratic systems in the long run.
The issue of overpopulation is a matter of ongoing debate.
Some argue that election campaigns result in unnecessary expenditure of money.
Wars are attributed to various factors and not solely initiated by politicians.
There are calls for the global cancellation and destruction of nuclear weapons.
Terrorism is considered a potent political instrument by certain groups.
Public protests have the potential to influence government decisions.
The mistakes of local authorities have been cited as contributing factors to civil wars.
There is a debate between the merits of nationalism and globalization.
The equal weight of votes from individuals with different levels of education, life experiences, and cultural backgrounds is a topic of fairness in elections.
Politics is often seen as the art of making the best out of challenging circumstances.
Federalists and democratic-republicans share similar goals but adopt different approaches.
Economic competition is believed to be essential for maintaining the strength of even the wealthiest country.
Politics is about taking action rather than mere rhetorical discussions about those actions.
The wealth of a country is seen to be created by talented individuals rather than money alone.
Some argue that firearm regulations should be stricter to enhance public safety.
Addressing gambling addiction is considered a responsibility of the government.
The notion of discontinuing the use of trains is subject to debate.
Genetically modified foods are viewed by some as a potential solution to world hunger.
The ethical implications of developing nuclear energy for commercial use are a matter of ongoing discussion.
The ethics of hunting animals are a contentious issue.
The importance of individual votes in democratic systems is a topic of debate.
Democracy is often regarded as the best form of government.
There is an argument for mandatory parenting classes for all parents.
The rapid adoption of a new culture by any nation within a short time frame is a subject of discussion.
Higher education is often seen as a prerequisite for future financial success.
Tourism is believed to have negative impacts on the environment.
There are differing opinions on whether martial arts should be banned.
The safety of children on long trips alone is a matter of concern.
The saying "Who travels well, knows a lot, or reads a lot?" raises questions about the relationship between travel, knowledge, and experience.
Knowledge is considered a valuable asset in times of war.
Some argue that development should begin in rural villages rather than cities.
The importance of hard work compared to luck in achieving success is a topic of debate.
The influence of climate on a person's personality is a subject of discussion.
Money is often seen as unable to open every door.
The imposition of fines on citizens who do not vote is a subject of debate.
Granting political asylum to whistleblowers from other countries is seen as a duty of any state.
Some argue that utilizing all deceased human bodies for organ transplants would maximize their benefit.
The suspension of environmental protection regulations during prolonged economic recessions is a matter of ongoing debate.
The election of the Pope by all Catholics is a topic of discussion.
The extent of intelligence agency monitoring without consent is a subject of controversy.
The permissibility of using performance-enhancing drugs in competitive sports is a matter of debate.
The use of military drones in all military operations is often condemned by some.
There is an ongoing debate regarding the testing of products on animals.
The banning of any art that offends religious communities is a contentious issue.
The perceived success or failure of the European Union is a matter of ongoing debate.
The perceived success or failure of the United Nations is a subject of discussion.
The potential success or failure of the USA is a topic of debate.
The potential success or failure of the UK is a matter of ongoing discussion.
There are arguments against the Baltic states providing any development aid.
The influence of religion on individuals below the age of 18 is a contentious topic.
The gradual discontinuation of old age pensions is a topic of debate.
Some argue for price caps on essential goods such as bread and milk.
The participation of parties with overdue debts in elections is a subject of discussion.
There are calls to believe in visa freedom with Russia.
Criminalizing the payment of ransom is a topic of debate.
The approval of member countries' budget deficits by the EU is a matter of discussion.
Granting proxy votes to parents for their children is a subject of debate.
Providing unconditional food aid to North Korea is a topic of discussion.
The permissibility of allowing surrogate motherhood for profit is a subject of debate.
Some argue for banning equality movements that focus on one group only.
Tying the liabilities of borrowers to the value of their provided collateral is a topic of discussion.
The imposition of a tax on fast food is a matter of ongoing debate.
Linking foreign aid to environmental standards is a subject of discussion.
The justification of torture is a contentious issue.
The notion of there being no more heroes is a topic of debate.
The legitimacy of sporting boycotts as a political tool is a matter of ongoing discussion.
Banning the reporting of hostage taking is a subject of debate.
The relationship between multinational companies and the developing world is a topic of discussion.
Imposing an environmental tax on airlines is a matter of ongoing debate.
Changing the constitution of Japan to allow them to have offensive forces is a subject of discussion.
Introducing national quotas for accepting immigrants in EU member states is a topic of debate.
Allowing the sale of organs is a matter of ongoing discussion.
Compelling prisoners to be subject to medical experiments is a contentious issue.
Banning government funding of religious schools is a topic of debate.
The abolition of the UK's nuclear arsenal is a subject of discussion.
Supporting accelerated land redistribution in South Africa is a matter of ongoing debate.
Supporting independence for Quebec is a topic of discussion.
Abolishing all taxes on inherited wealth is a subject of debate.
Banning cosmetic surgery is a matter of ongoing discussion.
Lifting sanctions on Iran is a topic of debate.
Granting citizenship in exchange for military service is a subject of discussion.
The trial of all serious crimes by jury is a matter of debate.
The right to a private life for politicians is a topic of discussion.
Designating one city to permanently host the Olympics is a subject of debate.
Providing safe injection facilities for heroin addicts is a matter of ongoing discussion.
Supporting a 35-hour working week is a topic of debate.
The nationalization of energy resources in developing nations is a subject of discussion.
Allow people sentenced to life imprisonment to choose the death penalty.
Banning websites and ads that glorify eating disorders is a topic of discussion.
The belief that economic growth is the solution to climate change is a matter of debate.
Making people pay for private car ownership is a subject of ongoing discussion.
Imposing a tax on the number of foreign players in sports teams is a topic of debate.
The permissibility of using torture is a contentious issue.
The declaration of independence by Taiwan is a matter of ongoing discussion.
The relocation of homeless people using local government funds is a subject of debate.
Directing aid from the European Union to nations pursuing environmentally sustainable development is a topic of discussion.
Requiring every criminal defendant to use a government-provided defense lawyer is a matter of ongoing debate.
Subjecting foreign political contributions to greater restrictions than domestic contributions is a topic of discussion.
The rescue of failing private industry by governments is a matter of debate.
Denying scarce medical resources to terminally ill patients is a subject of ongoing discussion.
The elimination of all non-state-run schools is a topic of debate.
The support for the use of mercenaries by the United Nations is a matter of ongoing discussion.
We should require doctors to report all cases of suspected domestic violence.
We should stop the search for the gay gene.
We should let people eat whales.
We should put an age limit on debating.
Governments in the developing world should invest in sex tourism.
Extreme economic need should be grounds for asylum.
People who give HIV to others must pay drug support.
We should ban all forms of gambling.
We should fire the senior managements of all corporations which receive government bailouts.
Soldiers should be allowed to sue their government for negligence.
China and India should bear the same obligations as the West in fighting climate change.
The West should recognise the independence of Abkhazia.
There should be a lower rate of income tax to women.
We should ban the publication of political opinion polls.
We should prohibit all private health care.
We should implement quotas for domestic players in national football leagues.
We should arm local militia to fight the Taliban in Afghanistan.
The international criminal court should prosecute crimes against the democratic process.
Governments should subsidise private home ownership.
We should ban abortion at all stages of pregnancy.
We should ban labor unions.
Reality is a simulation.
Life is a simulation.
Everything that we can sense and observe is a simulated projection.
Nothing is real.
Aliens exist.
Truth is absolute.
For your truth to be true, it must be true for me as well as for you.
There are absolutes woven into the very fabric of reality.
Your denial of the truth does not diminish it in the least.
It is our responsibility to think critically.
All philosophical questions are open-ended.
The deeper the reasoning behind an answer, the better.
The goal of philosophy is to inspire thought.
Philosophical ideas have shaped human history from ancient times until today.
Philosophy cannot be linked with religion.
We aren't really free.
Free will doesn't exist.
Humans have no free will and therefore they cannot be held morally responsible for their actions.
The choices we make stem exclusively from the nature we are born with and all the influences that surround us.
Humans can't be innately good or evil.
All humans can change their behavior if given enough time.
We don't need God to exist.
We need God to exist.
Human life is not as valuable as we think it is.
We need other people to live.
We don't need other people to live.
Animals can't feel emotional pain.
Children can be born evil.
It is okay to lie to protect yourself.
Things can't physically be beautiful.
We choose our emotions.
We don't have a choice over our emotions, they just happen.
Not all people deserve respect.
We can't determine at what age children should be held responsible for their actions.
Self-worth isn't important.
Self-worth can't be determined.
No one human life is worth more than another.
Ignorance is bliss.
Social isolation is a disease.
There is no goal for humanity.
Predestination and free will can coexist.
Happiness is the whole purpose of life.
Happiness isn't just an emotion.
We can't ever truly be happy.
We can be happy when faced with suffering.
Happiness isn't universal, it is a matter of perspective.
We should care about making ourselves happy.
Searching for happiness isn't worth it.
Humans can eventually find eternal youth.
It is possible to feel happy and sad at the same time.
We are happier now as a society than in times past.
Someone else's happiness can affect your own.
Everything can be quantified.
It is always best to seek out pleasure over avoiding pain.
Happiness is just the product of chemical reactions in the brain.
A good moral or ethical argument takes the whole picture into account.
Killing is always wrong.
Killing is okay in self-defense.
Soldiers can't be held to the same ethical standards as civilians.
Morality is relative, not absolute.
We can't make moral judgments without religion.
We can't ever define 'good' and 'evil'.
All actions should have equal consequences.
Every human life should count equally.
Hurting others can never be justified.
Morality comes from within.
Stealing is never permissible.
Deceiving others is never permissible.
We should judge acts based on their outcomes alone.
We should always follow the rules.
We should always follow the rules even if doing so causes harm.
Slavery is never ethically defendable.
Dishonesty is always wrong.
Honesty is always good.
Honesty is always right.
It is okay to kill one person in order to save 1000.
Lies are permissible if they protect someone's feelings.
We can't define people.
We are obliged to help others.
It is wrong to kill animals.
Humans are replaceable.
Virtue doesn't exist.
Love is an abstract concept.
Love doesn't exist.
There is no such thing as true love.
All human beings want to be loved.
Life can exist without love.
It is okay to love yourself.
Children are born with an innate love for their parents.
Love is natural and not a choice to be made.
Immortality is possible.
We should try to prolong our lives at any cost.
Human rights don't even exist.
Liberty is a human right.
Apple should enter the gaming market.
Video games can help you develop real skills.
Philosophy isn't just the study of ideas.
Beauty can be objective.
Nature is moving towards integration.
Nature is moving towards dissolution.
The laws of physics are deterministic.
The universe is indeterministic.
You have to create meaning for your own life.
All humans are guaranteed life.
All humans deserve liberty.
All humans deserve property.
Reading books is pointless.
Writing history is pointless.
Every human in the world deserves judgment.
Humans decide their own rights with their choices.
If I decide to never murder, steal, or harm any person in any way, then I have the right to a better life, free of punishment, than someone who made decisions to harm.
There can never be a fair society.
A just society is better than an equal society.
An equal society is better than a just society.
Everyone should value equality and justice at the same level.
We must protect every human's rights.
Justice is the only human right that matters.
We do not need to create art since it doesn't help anyone who's not a professional artist to survive.
Every human has a desire to enjoy and create art.
Humans are the only creature on Earth that creates art.
Time doesn't have a beginning or end.
We can't "measure" time.
Nothing existed before the universe was created 13.8 billion years ago.
Multiverses exist.
We don't really ever change, we just react logically to circumstances.
We will reach a point where virtual realities will be indistinguishable from actual reality.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
Animals have souls.
Consciousness just means that while we're moving through time, we're aware that we move through it.
Consciousness is as fundamental to the universe as time, space, and mass.
Dreams are indicators of emotion.
Dreams are portals into the lives of 'counterparts'.
Both nature and nurture determine fate.
Objective truths don't exist.
Emotion is an evolutionary benefit.
Emotions evolved from an evolutionary benefit to a social one.
Love is just chemistry.
If the only thing I know is that I know nothing, do I know something?
If I go back in time and kill my grandfather before he conceives my father, I have prevented my own conception.
If I were omnipotent, then I could create a rock so heavy that I couldn't lift it.
You aren't really you since every cell of your body gets replaced.
Villains consider themselves to be heroes.
If no one observed an event, then it didn't happen.
Nothing in life is truly objective.
Art is too lenient.
Privacy is a right.
People are ethically obligated to improve themselves.
There should be a limitation on the right to free speech.
Animals can have morals.
Without religion, people would become morally corrupt.
Revenge is justice.
Human rights can change with age.
People expect a universe full of randomness to be fair.
Business owners have the right to refuse service to customers.
There can never be such a thing as pure altruism.
Toys that resemble real guns should be outlawed.
Everyone's definition of evil is different.
All people have equal value regardless of their actions.
Beauty is often associated with morality.
Animal rights change based on the complexity of the animal.
Revolutions are unethical.
Overthrowing a government is unethical.
Morality can never be objective.
If it was discovered that most animals were conscious of their existence and eventual death, then humans would react to that accordingly.
It is ethical to edit out negative character traits in genes that harm others like extreme aggression, compulsive lying, or cruelty.
There are undiscovered microscopic alien life.
Some people are genetically predisposed to hatred.
Stealing from thieves is morally acceptable.
A philosopher king is better than a tyrannical democracy.
Violent fouls in sports should be prosecuted as criminal assault.
Natural resources should belong to the world and not to any individual country.
A universal minimum standard of education is a prerequisite for democracy.
Consent is not a source of moral legitimacy.
Media company owners have the right to influence the nature of news.
China should abolish the "Gaokao" in favor of allowing universities to establish their own (admission) criteria.
During riots, it is legitimate for governments to deny access to social networks.
International corporations operating in China should uphold the same environmental standards required in their home country.
We should make parents pass a test before having children.
Police should be allowed full and unrestricted access to Facebook and other social media.
Corporate sponsorship of academic research should be banned.
We should allow convicted criminals the choice between their sentence and the same number of years of weekly corporal punishment.
There should be no limit on self-defense against violent crimes.
Parades and demonstrations that could incite a violent response shouldn't be allowed.
The UN should offer large bounties for the capture of pirates and the destruction of pirate ships.
We should ban all religions from actively seeking conversions.
Political parties that propagate racism and xenophobia should be banned.
Even in an oppressive state, citizens should not turn to violence as a means of opposition.
Nuclear energy should be banned.
The British Monarchy should be abolished.
The UN should immediately recognize an independent state of Palestine.
We should all start a Marxist revolution.
Austerity measures should cease in favor of a massive increase in government spending.
The world is a safer place since the collapse of the USSR.
The Parliament should give the right to determine the moment a monarch steps down.
We should remove the right to religious freedom from the constitution.
We should help countries with the death penalty to implement it humanely.
Harsher punishments should be given to those who commit crimes during riots.
Serving military generals should be prohibited from talking to the media.
We should create a free market for the sale of babies.
Constituents should be allowed to recall their elected representatives.
We should end all subsidies for small farms.
We should outsource the capture of elusive criminals to bounty hunters.
We should grant aboriginal peoples copyrights over depictions of their culture.
We should allow the families of dead people to sue for libel on their behalf.
It is legitimate for politicians to lie to the electorate about their real views.
We should grant minors the right to euthanasia regardless of parental consent.
Regardless of the relative efficiency of various economic systems, meritocracy is a just way of allocating resources.
The media should not report the declared motivations of protesters who use violence.
We should only imprison criminals who threaten the safety of citizens.
We should ban the production and consumption of meat.
Doctors should be allowed to lie to patients to use the placebo effect.
We should introduce mandatory paternity leave.
It's abhorrent for Western countries to employ doctors from the third world.
All forms of hate speech should be legalized.
Each country has a duty to limit population growth.
The police should not create perp walks.
We should teach boys those aspects of subjects which are thought to be most interesting to them, such as military history.
We should require all newspapers to be constituted as cooperatives, owned and run by journalists.
Authorities should routinely gather and access as much information, including private and personal information, that may conceivably be useful in solving or preventing crime, as possible.
We should punish NHS workers who do not blow the whistle on malpractice, corruption or negligence, of which they know, as if they had carried out the act themselves.
It is illegitimate for governments to prevent any peaceful protest in public space.
We should not prosecute people living below the poverty line for purely acquisitive crime.
We should positively discriminate for women in the armed forces.
We should introduce a salary cap for European footballers.
The government should financially support newspapers.
Abolish geographical constituencies and hold only national elections.
People should be allowed to sell their organs.
We should give social welfare in the form of vouchers.
We should ban the use, in schools, of literature that reinforces traditional gender roles.
We should not outsource the running of hospitals to private companies.
We should publicly fund research into paranormal phenomena.
We should allow police to temporarily suspend social networking sites in the interest of restoring law and order.
It is in the interests of women's equality to campaign against maternity leave.
We shouldn't lie to our children about Santa Claus.
Military officers should be allowed to publicly criticize the government.
We should allow the defendants that belong to a minority group to choose to be judged by a jury composed exclusively of other members of their same minority group.
We should (assuming the technology existed) implant irremovable tracking chips in its citizens.
Trade Unions do more harm than good for workers.
Destruction of private property is a legitimate tool for environmental campaigners.
Religious proselytism should be banned.
We should place a special tax on successful artists to fund new and developing artists.
We should establish geographical zones in which the sale, possession, and use of drugs are legal.
We should allow family members to forcibly commit proven alcoholics and drug addicts to rehabilitation clinics.
Feminism should not campaign against polygamy in poor countries.
We should globally create a tax on financial transactions.
Voting should be a use it or lose it right.
We should allow abortion only in the case of both parents' consent.
All countries' education systems should focus on the teaching of English.
Media in liberal Western democracies is not independent and free.
We should give every citizen a positive and a negative vote in elections.
The media should show the full horror of war.
We should ban all advertising.
Large-scale land redistribution is a legitimate way to combat poverty in the third world.
We should allow gifted students to skip years in primary and secondary school.
All countries should abandon the fight against climate change and should just seek to adapt to its consequences.
Single parents in prison should be provided with special treatment to allow them to raise their young children from behind bars.
We should ban the smacking of children.
We should criminalize all forms of racist speech and behavior, even where it falls short of directly inciting racial hatred or violence.
Legislators should not take the will of the people into consideration when the reason behind it is religious.
Human rights should be canceled for those who violate human rights.
Society would be better if the primary duty of companies were to their workers and not to their shareholders.
The West should support the uprising in Syria militarily.
We need a United States of Europe.
The government should give everyone an equal salary, paid for by the government, even if they are unemployed.
We should refuse war veterans the right to vote.
Parenthood should be by license only.
There should be a maximum wage.
There shouldn't be a minimum wage.
Free health care should cover cosmetic surgery.
We should appoint the parliament by lottery.
We should make the US pay reparations to its Muslim citizens.
Photoshopped (retouched) images should be banned in advertisements.
Greed is good.
We should look back in anger.
Science has replaced philosophy.
We live in a mediaocracy.
Private pensions should be abolished.
Our technology has exceeded our humanity.
The use of bounty hunters in law enforcement should be allowed.
Free will is just an illusion.
There is no meaning to life.
There is no goal of humanity.
Fate doesn't exist.
Humans as a species will go extinct.
It isn't possible to live a normal life and not ever tell a lie.
A person's name influences the person they become.
The meaning of life is the same for animals and humans.
Humanity is headed in the right direction.
Humanity is headed in the wrong direction.
The study of philosophy leads to more questions than answers.
Human nature can't ever be changed.
It is better to be a big fish in a small pond.
It is better to be a small fish in a big pond.
Humans are replaceable.
Human nature shouldn't ever be changed.
Humans shouldn't ever think about their death.
It is better for a person to have a broad knowledge base rather than a deep knowledge base.
Humans would never choose immortality.
Religion will become obsolete.
There is no extraterrestrial life.
The discovery of extraterrestrial life will be insignificant.
Suffering is a necessary part of the human condition.
Hardship makes a person stronger.
Things would be better if humans just focused on what was going well rather than what was going wrong.
Art provides no benefit to society.
Animals are freer than humans.
Intelligence is more useful than wisdom.
Wisdom is more useful than intelligence.
It is more important to help yourself and your family rather than the world.
We as a species should take more advantage of the fact that we have almost infinite knowledge available to us.
If life has no purpose, then there is no reason for living.
If life has no purpose, that frees a person to find/create and follow their own personal purpose.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
We should judge ourselves by our intentions but shouldn't judge others by their actions.
Knowledge has intrinsic value even if it doesn't have a practical use.
We should never genetically change anything about humans.
Religion gives us meaning in life.
Jealousy has value in driving humans to improve themselves.
There is an inherent order in nature without chaos and chance.
Looking at reality mathematically is an accurate representation of how things work.
Before there was something, there was only nothing.
There has always been something.
As more and more is discovered, we become less and less able to comprehend the nature of reality.
There is a limit to how much we can understand reality.
If every neuron in a human was accurately simulated in a computer, that would result in human consciousness.
Some animals are self-aware and think about their ability to think.
It is not possible to prove that other people besides yourself have consciousness.
Language affects our thinking.
There are limits to human creativity.
Rational thought can exist without language.
There is no benefit to consciousness from an evolutionary standpoint.
Humans wouldn't be able to tell if time had been altered in some way.
Humans are the most advanced species in the universe.
There is zero chance that ALL your firmly and dearly held beliefs are true.
If humans went extinct, another species as intelligent as humans would evolve.
It is possible that someone's genes might affect their political leanings.
Some of our memories aren't genuine.
If you can save another's life and don't because doing so would break the law, you are ethically justified in your decision.
All individuals are morally obligated to save another person's life if they are able.
Anonymity encourages people to misbehave.
Anonymity reveals how people would choose to act all the time if they could.
The world would be a better place if everyone looked the same.
The world would be a better place if everyone acted the same.
The law should allow citizens to harm themselves.
People in wealthier countries have a moral obligation to help those in poorer countries.
Poverty in society is inevitable.
Everyone should always say what they are thinking.
There are drawbacks of diversity in a society.
A society can exist without laws.
Taxpayers should have the option to explicitly say what they don't want their tax money spent on.
Humanity will never be able to escape tribalism.
Some degree of censorship is necessary.
If all humans want the same basic things, why is there so much violence and strife between people?
The cultural trend of individualism and the rejection of collectivism is beneficial.
The human tendency to create groups is an overall positive trait.
Everyone should be provided enough food/water/shelter/healthcare for free.
There will never be a global government.
All of humanity and most of the life on Earth could be wiped out at the whim of a handful of people.
An ideal government could never exist.
Marriage as an institution needs to be updated.
A technologically enhanced human is not a human anymore.
The modern age makes global conspiracies more or less feasible.
Technological progress is inevitable as long as humans exist and it can't ever be stopped.
There is a limit to what humans can create through technology and science.
Full access to the internet should be a fundamental human right.
Gender is determined by both nature and nurture.
Rationalism and idealism are compatible.
A person can't be happy if they never experienced sadness.
Matter is real while mind isn't.
Everyone's life is of equal value.
Money can't buy you happiness.
It is easier to be loved than to love.
Everyone needs friends.
If we ban drugs, then we should also ban harmful food additives.
It is never okay to tell a secret.
It is never okay to tell someone else's secret except for your own.
Lotteries are a scam.
Lotteries should be illegalized.
Life exists somewhere else in the universe.
There is no such thing as luck.
A dog is a better pet than a cat.
All shopping should become online.
Clowns are scary, not funny.
Houses should be equipped with sensing lights that turn off when nobody is in the room.
Computers have the ability to be creative.
Emotions are irrational.
Love is different from sexual desire.
People should have less freedom.
People should have more freedom.
People should have the right to live and travel anywhere they wish with no state or country boundaries.
Organ donors should be financially compensated.
Democracy works for every country.
Since the birthrate is down in the U.S., people should be required to have at least one child.
If someone is killing themselves and you simply watch and refuse to interfere, you are responsible for that death.
We should limit the amount of money people can earn and save to avoid an unequal distribution of wealth.
Torture is never justified.
It isn't always good to have choices.
Mercy is more important than justice.
Preservation of a country's culture is a good reason for limiting immigration.
It will never be possible to travel through time.
A person can be "educated" without a formal education.
Family is less relevant in today's world.
We shouldn't care about honor.
It is better to be respected than to be liked.
We don't know where our self-esteem comes from.
You can't know what a room of mirrors will look like if you don't go in one.
One can be happy with no money.
We can't live in the modern world without electricity.
People should care more for doing the right thing rather than doing things right.
Soccer is the most interesting sport.
You should drop everything to pursue your dreams.
People should strive for efficiency when spending their time.
Hearing is less important than sight.
Sight is more important than touch.
Humans could live without feeling the things they touch.
You should choose great wealth over great wisdom.
We should invest in colonizing the oceans.
It isn't possible to go back in time, but it is possible to go forward without being able to come back.
Fortune is better than fame.
It would look good if humans could change their skin to more varied colors.
An entitlement to say what one likes comes with at least some obligation to try and defend it.
You shouldn't be entitled to say what you think if all you expect is for others to agree.
It is wrong to buy a product whose production depends on harsh conditions further up the supply chain.
The idea around forgiveness plays a central role in our institutions as well as our private lives.
Forgiveness is premature.
Practices such as 'honor killings' are barbaric, but they are structural injustices, not isolated personal failings.
Thinking and talking about morally difficult questions tends to raise passions.
A more oppressive structure isn't always a bad thing.
Life begins at 25.
Judges should be elected democratically.
Domestic violence should be prosecuted without the consent of the victim.
We should take socio-economic background into account when sentencing criminals.
In countries where the death penalty is in use, watching the execution shouldn't be allowed.
Aliens are real.
We have no need for the monarchy these days.
Political organizations shouldn't be allowed to take money from corporations.
Patriotism is a good thing.
School lunches should be free.
Nobody should have a mobile phone until they are 15.
The practice of plea bargaining should be abolished.
Works of literature/film/music that glorify criminality should be banned.
Priests should be compelled to report a crime which they learn of through confession.
Rehabilitation should be the sole criteria for releasing criminals from prison.
We should ban media reporting on violent crimes.
We should allow "religious duty/compulsion" as a mitigating defense for crimes.
A legal duty of care should be imposed on adult children for their parents.
We should suspend all sanctions on North Korea.
We should oblige prospective parents with a genetic disease to use embryo selection.
Judges should have the option to sentence people to human trials.
Judges should have the option to sentence people to medical trials.
Endangered animal species should be actively protected.
Education is a federal matter.
Military training should include extensive ethical and philosophical study.
Religious organizations should be subject to all aspects of civilian law.
Fathers have the right to get a fatherhood test even against the explicit wish of the mother.
We should put freedom over security in case of doubt.
The position of national president should be abolished.
Pensioners should be obliged to do voluntary work.
We should support nationalism.
A single media company shouldn't be allowed to own multiple TV channels or newspapers.
We should support scientists who fabricate evidence exaggerating the certainty of man-made climate change, where there is a low likelihood to be caught.
In countries with few female politicians, it is good to have a politically active 'first lady.'
Public education systems should raise the aspirations of children from disadvantaged backgrounds beyond that which is realistic to expect them to achieve.
When doctors discover a patient has STDs, they should reveal that info to the patient's partner.
We should support the free movement of labor worldwide.
We should support politicians who pass progressive legislation, even where this is contrary to the wishes of the democratic electorate.
Deaf parents should be required to send their children (whether deaf or hearing) to mainstream schools for their primary and secondary education.
We should force large companies who leave an area to pay the costs of any resulting structural unemployment.
We should set ethnic quota per school.
People shouldn't be imprisoned when racist remarks cause offense on social media forums.
Companies should be allowed to pay a higher salary to employees who contractually agree not to have children.
Developing countries should limit rural to urban migration.
Capitalism has failed the worker.
America is justified in keeping the Second Amendment.
Parents should have a choice not to send their children to education.
Artists who commit violent crimes shouldn't be allowed back in the industry.
Decisions on the legalization, banning, or limiting of substances, including, but not limited to narcotics, tobacco & alcohol should be left to panels of experts rather than to elected representatives.
All government policy should follow the strict logic of maximizing total happiness.
Referenda should be abolished.
We should choose immortality.
Players who are found to have racially abused their fellow competitors should be banned for life.
We need a women's quota in prison.
We need an ECO-label for organ.
The right to bear arms is the right to be free.
The world would be a better place if nobody believed in God.
In order for full gender equality to be achieved, all images designed to even slightly sexually attract or arouse the viewer must be banned.
The capitalist system is incompatible with a just society.
There should be obligatory equal parental leave for women and men.
Testing on animals is immoral.
From kindergarten onwards all education should be gender neutral.
Limitation nurtures creativity.
We are clever enough to engineer our doom but not to prevent it.
Peace is only an illusion.
We should not let our schooling interfere with our education.
Technology is killing our work ethic.
Art is the highest achievement of humanity.
We would sooner befriend an evil genius than a dull hero.
Change is not progress.
Books are obsolete.
It is better to learn than to be taught.
True friends stab you in the front.
Peace depends on fear.
Social disgust is a sufficient justification for censoring art.
Banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than armies.
Allowing women on front lines is a victory for feminism.
Parents should monitor their children's online activity and communications.
The discovery of a means to stop the human aging process would be a curse to humanity.
America has no culture.
We should teach beggars profitable street arts.
Selfishness should be proscribed.
We have become less happy in the age of technology.
Being a better person will make you happier.
Having a big ego is a negative trait.
Life requires a purpose and goal.
All acts of kindness have a motive.
Evil comes from within.
We shouldn't strive for perfection since it isn't attainable.
Spirituality can make you a happy person.
Living your life for others makes your life have meaning.
Highly intelligent people are less happy than individuals with average intelligence.
Belief is what makes God exist.
Religious beliefs can affect scientific thinking.
We should respect the living more than the dead.
Peace should be the only way to stop wars.
Thoughts control who we are.
Religion is conceptualized by one’s own belief system.
A curb on buying guns and arms will reduce the number of shooting sprees in the world.
Understanding philosophy leads to progress.
We shouldn't throw away food when we know people are dying of hunger.
Awareness of consciousness has benefits.
Thoughts have a pattern.
Stricter laws will make a better world.
Every person has the potential to be genius.
There is an intent behind every action.
There is imperfection in every creation.
We can strive towards making life perfect to better ourselves.
You cannot convince a non-believer that God exists.
Perception in regard with time and space is conceptually arbitrary.
Friedrich Nietzsche’s body of work is exemplary.
We don't control technology, it controls us.
Addiction is a genetic vulnerability.
It is true that humans can become addicted to anything.
Gambling addiction should be taken more seriously.
Children under 16 shouldn't have their own social media accounts.
Television should be replaced by YouTube.
The composition of unique things is in itself inherently unique.
Too many cutscenes ruin a video game.
Less budget should be spent on the graphics of a video game and more on budget should be dedicated to the gameplay in order to create a higher quality game.
Indie video games should be priced the same as AAA video games.
You can still debate on a scientifically proven subject.
Pseudoscience is based on faith rather than empirical observation and reason.
Pseudoscience is only used to intentionally deceive for personal gains.
Pseudoscience is an example of cognitive bias.
Science is more objective, but philosophy is more abstract.
Philosophy serves as a guide for people, while science seeks to explain the phenomena that affect people.
Science does not give us choices, but philosophy does.
Modern social media makes people less socially active.
Education should be privatized entirely.
It isn't appropriate to teach religion at school.
The contemporary policing of marginalized communities in the United States contributes to the criminalization of youth.
Abortion is ethical at early stages of pregnancy.
Nationalism is dangerous in the context of globalization.
Climate change is irreversible.
Fracking should be banned.
Taxes that increase at accelerating rates are fair.
Children shouldn't use smartphones without parental supervision.
Parents should decide which career their children will pursue.
Parents should allow complete autonomous decision-making for their teenage children.
Parents should always treat their children fairly.
Technology will make people smarter.
People will destroy nature by using technology.
Technology doesn't promote our health.
Parents should be forced to take their sick children to hospital.
We should encourage more people to read books.
Women spend their leisure time differently than men.
Leisure time is essential for workplace effectiveness.
Daily leisure time can be a substitute for a yearly vacation.
Social media has taken over our leisure time.
Children should be paid to go to school.
There is economic justification for wars.
Online financial advice should be available for every citizen.
High profitability alone justifies environmentally hazardous practices.
History is an important subject that all students should learn.
Fairy tales affect children’s perception of reality.
Living together before marriage is appropriate nowadays.
Teenagers should get after-school jobs.
It would be good to be famous.
Children should choose what they learn in school.
Boxing should be banned.
Law cannot keep up with the rate of internet technology development.
People with a mathematical mindset achieve more than the general population.
Science and religion can successfully coexist in a modern society.
Unmanned personal vehicles are the future.
Colonizing Mars is a solution to the overpopulation of the Earth.
Your moral values are mostly influenced by your nearest circle.
More people should adopt instead of having biological children.
The availability of guns directly influences the crime rate in the US.
Religion is an outdated concept that affects too many aspects of life.
Good test scores in schools should come with a monetary bonus.
The cost of medical care should be lowered.
The drinking problem among teenagers can and should be stopped.
Music can treat stress.
Video games can be used for educational purposes.
Hollywood films shape the world’s perception of the United States.
Movies and TV should completely ban the images of alcohol and cigarettes.
The legal age should be lowered to 16.
The legal age should be raised to 20.
It is morally permissible for victims to use deadly force as a deliberate response to repeated domestic violence.
The internet does more harm than good.
Junk food should only be banned for obese people.
Equality isn't about treating people equally.
There should be more doctors in the world.
The use of psychedelic substances for therapeutic purposes should be legalized.
AI should be granted legal personhood.
All public spaces should be required to offer gender-neutral bathrooms.
Space exploration should be prioritized over ocean exploration.
Genetic engineering of humans should be allowed to enhance physical and cognitive abilities.
All forms of gambling should be illegal.
Voting rights should be granted to non-citizens.
Organ selling and buying should be legalized.
All advertising aimed at children should be banned.
The use of performance-enhancing drugs should be allowed in professional sports.
All countries should adopt a four-day workweek.
Parents should be legally required to obtain licenses before having children.
All drugs, including recreational ones, should be decriminalized and regulated.
The use of artificial intelligence in decision-making processes should be limited.
All schools should teach philosophy as a mandatory subject.
The age of criminal responsibility should be abolished.
All public figures should be required to disclose their financial records.
All public transportation should be made free of charge.
The use of animals in scientific research should be completely abolished.
The drinking age should be lowered or abolished.
All countries should implement a maximum wage limit.
Intellectual property rights should be abolished.
The use of nuclear energy should be globally banned.
Non-consensual body modifications, such as tattooing or piercing infants, should be prohibited.
The use of virtual reality technology should be restricted or regulated.
The use of performance-enhancing technologies in the workplace should be allowed.
All countries should adopt a universal basic inheritance program.
All forms of standardized testing in education should be eliminated.
All forms of cosmetic surgery should be banned.
The use of animals in circuses and entertainment should be outlawed.
All individuals should be required to donate a percentage of their income to charity.
All political candidates should be required to pass a comprehensive knowledge exam.
All public spaces should be equipped with surveillance cameras for safety purposes.
The use of artificial intelligence in judicial decision-making should be allowed.
Art should always be politically and socially engaged.
Artists have a responsibility to use their work as a platform to address political and social issues.
Art has the power to provoke thought, inspire change, and challenge the status quo. 
Art should be autonomous and free from external agendas, allowing artists to explore personal expression without being constrained by societal expectations.
The commercialization of art compromises its integrity.
The commercial aspects of the art world, such as auctions, galleries, and marketing strategies, lead to a loss of artistic integrity.
Art should be created for its own sake, driven by creativity and emotional expression, rather than market forces.
Commercialization provides opportunities for artists to sustain their livelihoods and reach wider audiences, and that it doesn't necessarily devalue the artistic content itself.
Art has the power to heal and promote mental well-being.
Art has therapeutic qualities and can positively impact mental health.
Engaging in artistic practices can alleviate stress, provide a means of self-expression, and contribute to overall well-being.
Art therapy should not be considered a substitute for professional mental health treatment and that its benefits may vary depending on individual circumstances.
Appropriation in art is a valid form of creative expression.
Artists should be allowed to appropriate and reinterpret existing artworks, cultural symbols, or historical references.
Appropriation in arts can be a means of recontextualizing and critiquing established norms, fostering dialogue, and creating new meanings.
Appropriation in arts can be disrespectful, perpetuate cultural insensitivity, or diminish the original cultural context.
Art should be accessible to all, regardless of socioeconomic status.
Art institutions should strive to make art more accessible by reducing barriers to entry, such as admission fees and elitist cultural norms.
Everyone should have the opportunity to engage with art and its transformative power.
Funding and sustaining art institutions require financial resources, and that some level of exclusivity is necessary to maintain quality and support artists.
Artistic expression should not be limited by censorship or societal taboos.
Artists should have the freedom to explore controversial, provocative, or taboo subjects in their work without censorship. 
Art plays a crucial role in challenging societal norms and fostering dialogue.
Certain forms of expression can be harmful or offensive, and that some limits on artistic freedom are necessary to protect public welfare.
Advancements in technology, such as digital art, virtual reality, and artificial intelligence, have significantly transformed the artistic landscape.
Technology opens new creative possibilities and challenges traditional notions of authorship and craftsmanship.
Technology has fundamentally changed the nature of art and the role of the artist.
The human touch and the tangible aspects of traditional art forms cannot be replicated by technology.
Art education should be an integral part of the curriculum in all schools.
Art education should be given equal importance as other academic subjects and be included in the core curriculum.
Art fosters creativity, critical thinking, and empathy, and helps students develop a well-rounded education.
Artists should be held accountable for the social impact of their work.
Art can influence public opinion and shape societal norms, so artists should be conscious of the potential impact their work may have.
Artistic freedom should not be hindered by the expectation of social responsibility because art should be open to interpretation.
Collaboration between artists from different disciplines can dilute individual artistic voices and compromise the integrity of each discipline.
Arts contribute to the cultural enrichment of society and should be accessible to all, regardless of market demand.
Public funding for the arts is a misuse of taxpayer money and that the arts should be supported by private initiatives and market forces.
The value of art should not be solely determined by its monetary worth.
Reducing art to its financial value commodifies creativity and disregards its intrinsic qualities.
Artists should actively engage with their local communities and address local issues.
Artistic talent is innate and cannot be taught or learned.
Artists possess a unique gift that sets them apart.
While talent may provide a foundation, artistic skills and techniques can be developed and honed through education, practice, and dedication.
The role of the artist is to challenge and provoke, even if it means being controversial or offensive.
Federal States are better than unitary nations.
Security profiling at airports should be allowed.
Open primaries are the most effective method of selecting candidates for elections.
Line-item veto amendment.
Turkey should join the European Union.
The European Union should be a single country.
Elected representatives should not hold any additional posts while serving.
Arab Spring revolutions can create stable democracies.
We should impose democracy.
We should oppose democracy.
The House of Lords should be reformed.
The UK should have a written constitution.
We should support Scottish Independence.
Devolve power to an English Parliament.
Israel should lift the blockade of Gaza.
The US should scale back the War on Drugs.
Women should be allowed to take part in combat.
States are justified in waging war in response to terrorist acts.
All nations have a right to nuclear weapons.
Religious symbols in public buildings should be banned.
Supporting the development of a missile defence system.
Democratic constitutions should not make provision for the use of referendums.
Introduce recall elections.
Ban government employees from joining extremist political parties.
Quebec should secede from Canada.
We should adopt the alternative vote.
It is not worth voting.
Democratic governments should require voters to present photo identification.
Politicians should be granted immunity from prosecution.
City mayors should be directly elected.
Governments should be allowed to disrupt Internet service on grounds of national security.
Limit anonymous contributions from corporations and individuals to super PACs.
Turkey is not a democracy.
NATO has succeeded in Afghanistan.
National service should be reintroduced.
No elections are better than sham elections.
Colleges should ban fraternities.
The status/title of "living/having life/alive" is discretionary.
Presuming that some or most abortions should be discouraged, 3 months is a good cut-off.
Prescribing lethal drugs to terminal patients is justifiable.
Denial to grant right to die is a power game.
Of course there exists the right to live.
People are free to commit suicide as it only harms them.
Suicide violates the value society places on life. 
Decision to commit suicide does not demonstrate insanity, as there isn't any good evidence that mental illness by any generally accepted definition is usually involved in a person's decision to commit suicide.
Die with dignity, abandon the word euthanasia.
Prescribing lethal drugs is violation of the doctor's healing role.
I always found it funny that people have a lot less trouble with killing someone, than letting someone kill themselves.
Killing of civilians in wars is moral.
Killing of civilians is justified by the rules of war.
Killing of civilians could shorten wars.
Killing can never be moral.
Churches should be tax exempt.
Direct taxation is a crude intrusion by an overbearing state into citizen’s lives.
Governments have a right to demand money from their citizens in return for providing certain services, such as education, welfare and defence.
The poorer sections of society currently believe themselves disproportionately burdened by taxes, in comparison to the rich, who are stigmatised as living off those worse off than themselves. Whether this has any basis in fact, the governments needs to act to make taxes seem fairer.
Budget deficits can be favourable.
Consumption tax isn't a good idea.
A global tax would be an effective way to help solve currency instability internationally.
World poverty and currency crises are unlikely to be solved through a global tax.
Revenue generated from tax should be spent well.
A global tax could raise billions of dollars/year that could easily be used to fund UN aid efforts.
The Tobin Tax would be a way to ensure that there is a stable, yearly contribution to a global relief fund, most likely administered by the United Nations.
A world global tax would be easily enforceable.
Gambling tax laws control gambling.
Is Medicare legitimate or should it be abolished?
Most smokers want to quit; government restrictions would do them a favor.
A comparison of tobacco to hard drugs is inaccurate.
Governments must defend freedom of choice to smoke.
Many things are addictive; alienating tobacco is unfair.
Cigarette makers should pay a price for creating harmful products.
Governments should target cigarette makers.
Cigarettes are very different from dangerous cars or poisonous foods.
Restricting smoking, done by billions of people, is unreasonable.
Evidence about "passive smoking" is dubious.
"Passive smoking" can be reduced without draconian restrictions.
Tobacco/nicotine shouldn't be considered a drug.
Ads do not force people to smoke.
There should be mandatory Ultrasound before abortion.
"Sin" does not exist.
Assassination is a good means to regime change.
Illegitimate tyrants can be assassinated if it's the only way to freedom.
Tyrants directly jeopardizing societal welfare can be assassinated.
Contention that the general individual losses from gambling are justified by it being a fun and leisurely activity worth "paying" for.
Dictators often uphold regimes alone; assassinating them will end the regime.
Gambling cause an increase in various kinds of related criminal activities.
Killing dictators will not cause the fall of a regime.
Failed assassination attempts can help strengthen a tyrant.
The alternatives to assassination would all leave a dictator in power for many years.
Assassination can counter-productively rally citizens around a regime.
To liberalize a regime, there are better ways than assassination.
Assassinating a dictator can be a utilitarian good for a society. 
Moral absolutes should not prevent broader morality. 
Tyrannicide has had support from various philosophers and theologians through the centuries, including the ancient Greeks and Romans, most notably Cicero; Catholics, most notably John of Salisbury (d. 1180) Jean Petit (d. 1411), and Suarez (d. 1617); and Protestants, most notably, Luther, Melanchthon, Zwingli, and Calvin." And, Thomas Aquinas.
The idea that assassinations can prevent evils is questionable.
Moral absolutes exist; murder can never be justified. 
Legitimizing assassination cheapens the value of life.
Even tyrants have a right to life, which assassinations violate.
Dictators are a threat to international peace, not just their own people.
Sometimes dictatorship is preferable for international stability. 
Assassinations follow no legitimate legal processes.
Tyrants forgo sovereign rights, making assassination attempts legitimate.
Assassinations infringe on the sovereignty of foreign political entities.
Mistakes and collateral damage from assassinations are worth it.
Many assassination attempts have heavy collateral, civilian damage.
The political risks of assassinations can be reduced with sound measures.
Failed assassination attempts are embarrassing for a government.
Assassinating terrorist leaders is justified when they are "combatants".
Assassinating terrorists only breeds greater resentment and terrorism.
Gambling is inappropriate because it does not generate any tangible product.
Casinos don't produce any "product".
Casinos are involved in the entertainment business, and need not produce a tangible product.
Gambling is addictive.
The addictive and destructive nature of gambling is also drug-like.
Unlike drugs, gambling is not physically addictive. It is only psychologically addictive in some people.
Casinos cause economic harm and provide very few economic benefits.
Casinos help the tourism industry of a place.
Casinos cause money to be spent on transport infrastructure, which is very beneficial to economies.
It is immoral for the state or charities to raise money by exploiting people’s stupidity and greed.
Gambling is regressive (this means that the poor pay a greater proportion of their income in tax than the rich). This is because poor people are more likely to gamble. Regressive taxation is deeply unfair.
Education is harmed by gambling practices.
It is impossible to stop online gambling.
Samuel Huntington's "clash of civilizations" is theory accurate.
The wage gap between elite athletes and average workers is excessive and unjustifiable.
A universal basic income can help alleviate poverty and inequality.
Social media companies should be regulated by governments to manage potential harms.
Access to quality education should be a basic human right for all children.
Schools should not censor students' freedom of speech unless it causes direct harm.
Countries should reduce their military spending and invest more in social programs.
Tax rates for the wealthy should be significantly increased.
All countries should prioritize environmental sustainability over economic growth.
Autonomous vehicles will likely result in fewer traffic fatalities and congestion.
Wind and solar energy sources can adequately power entire countries and cities.
Countries should provide universal healthcare access for all citizens.
Universal healthcare systems result in better health outcomes at lower costs.
Governments should do more to combat misinformation and fake news.
Countries should accept more refugees and provide pathways to citizenship.
Governments should provide free high-speed internet access for all citizens.
Public transportation infrastructure should receive increased investments.
Agricultural subsidies harm farmers in developing countries.
Governments should do more to mitigate the effects of climate change.
Improving gender equality should be a high priority for all countries.
Discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity should be outlawed.
All companies should be required to operate as benefit corporations.
Gmail and other email services should implement end-to-end encryption by default.
The legal voting age should be lowered to 16.
Companies should not be allowed to collect personal data without users' explicit consent.
Multinational corporations should not have more power than nation states.
The use of facial recognition technology by governments should be banned.
Rich countries should do more to mitigate the effects of biodiversity loss in developing countries.
Retirement ages should be abolished and people should be able to retire whenever they wish.
All beaches and natural spaces should be free and accessible to the public.
Unemployment benefits should be sufficiently increased.
Politicallobbying and funding should be strictly limited or even banned.
Citizens should have the right to audit how governments spend their tax money.
Schools and public spaces should ban the sale of sugary drinks and junk food.
Hunting for sport should be banned everywhere.
Laws regarding the possession and cultivation of marijuana should be relaxed.
Streaming services and online content providers should be subjected to an entertainment tax.
College course materials should always be provided freely online without extra costs for students.
Animal testing for research purposes should be phased out and eventually banned.
Cooperation between nations is more effective than competition in addressing global issues.
National sovereignty should sometimes be secondary to international laws and agreements.
All countries should commit to becoming carbon neutral by 2050.
Subsidies for fossil fuel industries should be eliminated worldwide.
Plastic packaging should be banned or heavily taxed.
Air travel should be more expensive to reduce flights and curb emissions.
Meat consumption should be reduced through taxation and awareness campaigns.
All vehicles should switch to zero-emissions technologies by a certain date.
Governments must implement tougher restrictions to protect endangered species.
Coal power plants should be phased out within the next 10-15 years.
Countries should shift away from GDP-based measures of economic progress.
Business travel for meetings should be replaced with virtual conferencing.
Governments should invest more in research for green technologies.
Developed countries have a responsibility to fund climate adaptation in developing countries.
Ban single-use products like plastic straws, utensils, cups and bags.
Governments should incentivize rooftop solar panel installation for households.
Chemical and pesticide usage in farming should be heavily restricted.
All new buildings should be required to be net zero energy consumers.
Genetically modified crops should be banned to preserve biodiversity.
Palm oil plantations should be halted to protect endangered species' habitats.
A global price should be implemented on carbon emissions.
International agreements on climate change must be legally binding.
Universal healthcare is a fundamental human right.
Cryptocurrencies should replace traditional fiat currencies.
Social media influencers should be regulated to prevent the spread of misinformation.
Countries should implement a maximum working week to improve work-life balance.
The benefits of telecommuting outweigh the challenges for both employees and employers.
All citizens should be required to perform a year of community service.
Artificial meat is a sustainable solution to food security and environmental concerns.
The education system should focus more on emotional intelligence than academic achievements.
Public libraries are essential and should receive increased government funding.
Genetic privacy should be protected from both government and corporate entities.
The gig economy exploits workers and should be reformed.
Urban farming is a viable solution to food deserts in cities.
Space tourism should be heavily regulated to prevent environmental damage.
The government should provide free internet access to all citizens.
Plastic surgery for cosmetic reasons should be restricted to adults over 25.
Universal basic services, including housing and transportation, should be provided by the state.
Cybersecurity education should be mandatory in all schools.
The use of facial recognition technology by law enforcement should be banned.
Corporate lobbying should be banned to ensure fair political processes.
The right to disconnect from work-related communications should be legally enforced.
Public parks should be prioritized over commercial development in urban areas.
The use of drones for personal and commercial purposes should be strictly regulated.
Universal childcare should be provided to support working parents.
Corporate social responsibility should be legally mandated.
The sale of human organs should be legalized under strict regulations.
Historical monuments with controversial pasts should be contextualized rather than removed.
School curriculums should include financial literacy as a mandatory subject.
Artificial intelligence should not be used in making life-or-death decisions.
Animal cloning for agricultural purposes should be banned.
Gated communities contribute to social inequality and should be discouraged.
Social media platforms should ban political advertising.
The government should subsidize renewable energy for all households.
Genetic data should not be used by insurance companies to determine coverage.
Public universities should eliminate tuition fees for all students.
All forms of gambling should be prohibited to prevent addiction.
Healthcare professionals should have the right to refuse service based on personal beliefs.
High-speed rail networks should be developed to reduce reliance on air travel.
Artificial intelligence should be used to predict and prevent crimes.
The fashion industry should be required to adopt sustainable practices.
Universal voting by mail should be implemented to increase voter turnout.
